OCPBUGS-15851: 2 NFD exceptions are not covered in product docs (#86294)
openshift/openshift-docs: hardware_enablement/psap-node-feature-discovery-operator.adoc

As a cluster administrator, you can create a `NodeFeatureDiscovery` CR by using the {oc-first} or the web console.

[NOTE]
====

> Starting with version 4.12, the operand image field in the NFD CR is mandatory. If the NFD operator is deployed via OLM, this field is filled by the OLM automatically. If the CR is applied via CLI or web console, it must be set explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 4.12, the `operand.image` field in the `NodeFeatureDiscovery` CR is mandatory. If the NFD Operator is deployed by using {olm-first}, the `operand.image` field is automatically set by OLM. If you create the `NodeFeatureDiscovery` CR by using the {product-title} CLI or the {product-title} web console, you must set the `operand.image` field explicitly.
```
